- Now let's set up update
and delete functionality in our controller.
Let's open up the reservation resource class
and let's head to line 42
in the update price method.
Let's update the room id field.
Right click, refactor, rename,
rename code occurrences
and let's rename it to just id.
Let's also update the path variable name.
Now let's call the reservation service.
Let's call the update reservation method.
Pass in the id
and the reservation.
Let's go ahead and update the return type.
The same thing on delete reservation.
Right click, refactor, rename,
code occurrences.
Change it to id.
Then also update the path variable.
Now, let's call reservation service.
Delete reservation and pass in id.
Let's go ahead and save.
Right click on your main application class
and select run.
Okay, after it starts up,
let's head back to the postman client.
Let's go ahead and create a new record.
This time for room 129.
Go ahead and copy that id.
Open up the put update call.
Select the body tab.
Update the path variable to that id
of the reservation that just got created
and let's update the price to 210 dollars.
Then execute.
Okay, great.
We got back 200
and the price is now 210.
Go ahead and copy that id.
Open up the GET request
and let's do a lookup.
We could see the price is now 210.
Finally, open up the delete request.
Paste in that id as a path variable.
Then send the request.
We are 200 OK
and the delete operation was acknowledged.
Let's try to look up that request by id again.
It looks like it was successfully deleted.